docs: clarify and update theme and getting started documentation (#2848)
adobe/spectrum-web-components: tools/theme/README.md

import '@spectrum-web-components/theme/express/scale-large.js';
```

When looking to leverage the `Theme` base class as a type and/or for extension purposes, do so via:

```
import { Theme } from '@spectrum-web-components/theme';
```

## What it's doing

> Visually, all Spectrum Web Components are an expression of the design tokens specified by Spectrum, Adobe's design system. On the web, these tokens are applied as CSS Custom Properties. Using `sp-theme` as a parent element for your components ensures that those elements' styles are not only consistent with the color and scale you've specified in your particular instance, but for _all_ the other color, scale, and content direction specifications across Spectrum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visually, all Spectrum Web Components are an expression of the design tokens specified by Spectrum, Adobe's design system. On the web, these tokens are made available as CSS Custom Properties. Using `sp-theme` as a parent element for your components ensures that those CSS Custom Properties can be leveraged by the elements within your application. This ensure a consistent delivery of the color and scale you've specified in your particular instance, as well as for _all_ the other color, scale, and content direction specifications across Spectrum.
```

Words are hard.

Author: > This ensure a consistent delivery of the color and scale you've specified in your particular instance, as well as for _all_ the other color, scale, and content direction specifications across Spectrum.

I think the wording of this sentence is still a little strange, so I kept what I had originally. 

> This ensures consistent delivery of not only the color and scale you've specified in your particular instance, but for _all_ the other color, scale, and content direction specifications across Spectrum.

> Additionally, the `sp-theme` element manages the content direction applied to the elements in its DOM scope. By default, an `sp-theme` element resolves its initial content direction from the value of its `dir` attribute; otherwise, it matches the specification of the containing `sp-theme` parent or `document`. Subsequent customization of content direction for its children must occur on the `sp-theme` element itself, [REVIEW ME bc idk if this is accurate] either through an inline `style` attribute or in a CSS declaration [END REVIEW ME], to be appropriately tracked by elements in that scope. This means that each part of your document scoped by an `sp-theme` element can specify its own content direction, and that descendent `sp-theme` elements can override the content direction applied by its ancestor elements.

Author: Please take a look at this line!! 

> either through an inline `style` attribute or in a CSS declaration

I want to make sure this statement in particular is accurate

Reviewer: This _is_ complex...by DEFAULT, `sp-theme` resolves its `dir` value to its first `sp-theme` or `document` ancestor, or to `ltr` if on is not present there: https://github.com/adobe/spectrum-web-components/blob/main/tools/theme/src/Theme.ts#L398-L413

When `sp-theme` is manually supplied a value for `dir` this value overrides the default.

In all cases, the `sp-theme` will manage the `dir` value of any `SpectrumElement` decedents where there is not an intervening `sp-theme` element.

This can only happen directly on the attribute/property itself but will effect the way that CSS is applied across the system as many Spectrum CSS rules are still built around `[dir="lrt"] ...` or `[dir="rtl"] ...`. We are working to remove that in favor of logical properties, at which point we will likely look to remove this management as it does have a performance cost...
